The preaching work in Turkey has experienced a period of exciting growth.
The old branch facilities in Istanbul became too small for the increasing needs.
So our brothers found two floors in an office tower that would provide suitable workspace for Bethel departments.
A nearby residential building provides accommodations for the Bethel family.
To celebrate the dedication of the new branch facilities, delegates from all over the world came to Istanbul.
Special events and activities were organized to welcome them.
And on May 12, 2018, Brother Mark Sanderson of the governing body gave an encouraging branch dedication top.
In the first century, the Apostle Paul wrote about this part of the world that the good news was bearing fruit and increasing.
The same is true today.
The need for kingdom proclaimers here is great.
And with a new branch dedicated to supporting the preaching work, our Zellis brothers in Turkey are sure that Paul's words will continue to prove true.